badZombieUMA,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie,,,,,
badZombieMaleUMA,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie,,,,,
badZombieAiden,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Aiden,,,,,
badZombieBob,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bob,,,,,
badZombieCaitlin,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Caitlin,,,,,
badZombieCallie,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Callie,,,,,
badZombieChang,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Chang,,,,,
badZombieCharlotte,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Charlotte,,,,,
badZombieClint,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Clint,,,,,
badZombieEmma,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Emma,,,,,
badZombieGabrielle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Gabrielle,,,,,
badZombieGrace,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Grace,,,,,
badZombieHank,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Hank,,,,,
badZombieHelen,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Helen,,,,,
badZombieHugh,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Hugh,,,,,
badZombieJack,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Jack,,,,,
badZombieJeff,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Jeff,,,,,
badZombieJimmy,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Jimmy,,,,,
badZombieJoel,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Joel,,,,,
badZombieMaria,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Maria,,,,,
badZombieMercura,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Mercura,,,,,
badZombieMiguel,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Miguel,,,,,
badZombieOfficeGirl,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Office Girl,,,,,
badZombieRayah,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rayah,,,,,
badZombieRekt,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rekt,,,,,
badZombieVince,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Vince,,,,,
badZombieWillie,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Willie,,,,,
badZombieBaby,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Baby,,,,,
badZombieBabyCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Baby Crawler,,,,,
valZombieClarice,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Clarice,,,,,
valZombieJane,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Jane,,,,,
valZombieLibrarian,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Librarian,,,,,
valZombieSurvivorFemale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sherlene,,,,,
valZombieVoodooFemale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Voodoo Lady,,,,,
valZombieVoodooMale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Voodoo Man,,,,,
valZombieDan,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Dan,,,,,
valZombieSurvivorMale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Survivor,,,,,
valZombieKenny,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Kenny,,,,,
valZombieRavager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Ravager,,,,,
valZombieNerd,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Nerd,,,,,
valZombieInmate,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Inmate,,,,,
valZombieInmateBlack,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Inmate,,,,,
valZombieChildFemale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Little Girl,,,,,
valZombieChildMale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Little Boy,,,,,
valZombieRanger,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Ranger,,,,,
valZombieScorchedRusher,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Scorched Rusher,,,,,
gupZombieMartha,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Martha,,,,,
gupZombieSally,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sally,,,,,
gupZombieSunStroked,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sun Stroked,,,,,
gupZombieSunStrokedCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sun Stroked Crawler,,,,,
sanZombiePunk,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Punk,,,,,
sanZombieRioter,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rioter,,,,,
sanZombieRocker,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rocker,,,,,
sanZombieFemaleRocker,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rocker,,,,,
sanZombieHermit,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Hermit,,,,,
sanZombieFrank,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Frank,,,,,
sanZombieBikerChick,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Biker Babe,,,,,
sanZombieInfectedSurvivor,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Survivor,,,,,
sanZombieInfectedLady,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Lady,,,,,
sanZombieNude,entityclasses,Entity,New,Nude Zombie,,,,,
sanZombiePrisoner,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Prisoner,,,,,
sanZombieDriver,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Driver,,,,,
sanZombieFiend,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Feind,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSharpshooter,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sharpshooter,,,,,
sanZombieHunterSven,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sven,,,,,
sanZombiePsycho,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Psycho,,,,,
sanZombieKim,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Kim,,,,,
sanZombieVagrant,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Vagrant,,,,,
sanZombieCripple,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Cripple,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSavage,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Savage,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSentry,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sentry,,,,,
sanZombieMitchHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Mitch,,,,,
sanZombieMarkHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Mark,,,,,
sanZombieClaireHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Claire,,,,,
sanZombieSueHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Sue,,,,,
sanZombieOldLady,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Old Lady,,,,,
sanZombieOldMan,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Old Man,,,,,
sanZombieEvilGranny,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Granny,,,,,
sanZombieSecurityGuard,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Security Guard,,,,,
sanZombieFrozen,entityclasses,Entity,New,Frozen Zombie,,,,,
badZombieJethro,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Jethro,,,,,
badZombieSeryph,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Seryph,,,,,
badZombieSeryphSnow,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Seryph,,,,,
valZombieBigBitch,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bitch,,,,,
valZombieLumberjack,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Lumberjack,,,,,
valZombieTrucker,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Trucker,,,,,
valZombieCharred,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Charred,,,,,
sanZombieCpl,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Corporal,,,,,
sanZombieHunter,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Hunter,,,,,
sanZombieBanditKiller,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieBloodmoon,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Moon,,,,,
sanZombieCannibalFemale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Cannibal,,,,,
sanZombieCannibalMale,entityclasses,Entity,New,Cannibal,,,,,
sanZombieFreak,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Freak,,,,,
badZombieBolivar,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bolivar,,,,,
badZombieCur,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Cur,,,,,
badZombieSWATMale,entityclasses,Entity,New,SWAT Zombie,,,,,
badZombieSWATFemale,entityclasses,Entity,New,SWAT Zombie,,,,,
badZombieTallman,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Tallman,,,,,
valZombieRaveReaper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Rave,,,,,
badZombieStripperMole,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Stripper Mole,,,,,
valZombieRegen,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Regen,,,,,
gupZombieBouncer,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bouncer,,,,,
gupZombieBouncerCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bouncer Crawler,,,,,
gupZombieSnowQueen,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Snow Queen,,,,,
sanZombieTrailerPark,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Redneck,,,,,
sanZombieBanditRaider,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieReaper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Reaper,,,,,
sanZombieBanditLooter,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieCrazed,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Crazed,,,,,
bkSanta,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Santa,,,,,
sanZombieBodyBuilder,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Body Builder,,,,,
sanZombieBanditJuggernaut,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Juggernaut,,,,,
badZombieMord,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Mord,,,,,
sanZombieExperiment,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Experimental,,,,,
badZombieBabyBoomer,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Baby Boomer,,,,,
valZombieRavagerSpider,entityclasses,Entity,New,Spider Ravager,,,,,
gupZombieClimber,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Climber,,,,,
sanZombieClown,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Clown,,,,,
badZombieWarlord,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Warlord,,,,,
badZombieSuicideMole,entityclasses,Entity,New,Suicide Mole,,,,,
gupZombieBiff,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Biff,,,,,
valZombieBrute,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Brute,,,,,
valZombieBruteBoss,entityclasses,Entity,New,Zombie Brute Boss,,,,,
badZombieAiden_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Aiden,,,,,
badZombieBob_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bob,,,,,
badZombieCaitlin_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Caitlin,,,,,
badZombieCallie_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Callie,,,,,
badZombieChang_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Chang,,,,,
badZombieCharlotte_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Charlotte,,,,,
badZombieClint_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Clint,,,,,
badZombieEmma_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Emma,,,,,
badZombieGabrielle_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Gabe,,,,,
badZombieGrace_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Grace,,,,,
badZombieHank_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Hank,,,,,
badZombieHelen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Helen,,,,,
badZombieHugh_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Hugh,,,,,
badZombieJack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Jack,,,,,
badZombieJeff_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Jeff,,,,,
badZombieJimmy_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Jimmy,,,,,
badZombieJoel_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Joel,,,,,
badZombieMaria_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Maria,,,,,
badZombieMercura_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Mercura,,,,,
badZombieMiguel_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Migel,,,,,
badZombieOfficeGirl_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Office Lady,,,,,
badZombieRayah_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rayah,,,,,
badZombieRekt_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rekt,,,,,
badZombieVince_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Vince,,,,,
badZombieWillie_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Willie,,,,,
badZombieBaby_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Baby,,,,,
valZombieClarice_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Clarice,,,,,
valZombieJane_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Jane,,,,,
valZombieLibrarian_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Librarian,,,,,
valZombieSurvivorFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Survivor,,,,,
valZombieVoodooFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Voodoo Lady,,,,,
valZombieVoodooMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Voodoo Man,,,,,
valZombieDan_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Dan,,,,,
valZombieSurvivorMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Survivor,,,,,
valZombieKenny_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Kenny,,,,,
valZombieRavager_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Ravager,,,,,
valZombieNerd_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Nerd,,,,,
valZombieInmate_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Inmate,,,,,
valZombieInmateBlack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Inmate,,,,,
valZombieChildFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Little Girl,,,,,
valZombieChildMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Little Boy,,,,,
valZombieRanger_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Ranger,,,,,
valZombieScorchedRusher_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rusher,,,,,
gupZombieMartha_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Martha,,,,,
gupZombieSally_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Sally,,,,,
gupZombieSunStroked_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Sun Stroked,,,,,
sanZombiePunk_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Punk,,,,,
sanZombieRioter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rioter,,,,,
sanZombieRocker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rocker,,,,,
sanZombieFemaleRocker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rocker,,,,,
sanZombieHermit_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Hermit,,,,,
sanZombieFrank_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Frank,,,,,
sanZombieBikerChick_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Biker Babe,,,,,
sanZombieInfectedSurvivor_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Survivor,,,,,
sanZombieInfectedLady_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Lady,,,,,
sanZombieNude_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Nude Rager,,,,,
sanZombiePrisoner_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Prisoner,,,,,
sanZombieDriver_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Driver,,,,,
sanZombieFiend_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Fiend,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSharpshooter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Sharpshooter,,,,,
sanZombieHunterSven_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Sven,,,,,
sanZombiePsycho_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Psycho,,,,,
sanZombieKim_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Kim,,,,,
sanZombieVagrant_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Vagrant,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSavage_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieBanditSentry_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieMitchHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Mitch,,,,,
sanZombieMarkHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Mark,,,,,
sanZombieClaireHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Claire,,,,,
sanZombieSueHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Sue,,,,,
sanZombieOldLady_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Old Lady,,,,,
sanZombieOldMan_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Old Man,,,,,
sanZombieEvilGranny_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Granny,,,,,
sanZombieSecurityGuard_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Security Guard,,,,,
sanZombieFrozen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Frozen,,,,,
badZombieJethro_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Jethro,,,,,
badZombieSeryph_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Seryph,,,,,
badZombieSeryphSnow_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Seryph,,,,,
valZombieBigBitch_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Big Bitch,,,,,
valZombieLumberjack_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Lumberjack,,,,,
valZombieTrucker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Trucker,,,,,
valZombieCharred_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Charred,,,,,
sanZombieCpl_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Corporal,,,,,
sanZombieHunter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Hunter,,,,,
sanZombieBanditKiller_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieBloodmoon_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Blood,,,,,
sanZombieCannibalFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Cannibal,,,,,
sanZombieCannibalMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Cannibal,,,,,
sanZombieFreak_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Freak,,,,,
badZombieBolivar_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bolivar,,,,,
badZombieCur_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Cur,,,,,
badZombieStripperMole_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Stripper Mole,,,,,
badZombieSWATMale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,SWAT Rager,,,,,
badZombieSWATFemale_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,SWAT Rager,,,,,
valZombieRaveReaper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Rave,,,,,
valZombieRegen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Regen,,,,,
gupZombieBouncer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bouncer,,,,,
gupZombieSnowQueen_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Snow Queen,,,,,
sanZombieTrailerPark_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Redneck,,,,,
sanZombieBanditRaider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bandit,,,,,
sanZombieReaper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Reaper,,,,,
sanZombieBanditLooter_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Bandit,,,,,
bkSanta_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Santa,,,,,
sanZombieBodyBuilder_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Body Builder,,,,,
sanZombieBanditJuggernaut_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Juggernaut,,,,,
sanZombieClown_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Clown,,,,,
badZombieBabyBoomer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Baby Boomer,,,,,
valZombieRavagerSpider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Spider Rager Ravager,,,,,
gupZombieClimber_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Climber,,,,,
badZombieWarlord_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Warlord,,,,,
badZombieSuicideMole_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Suicide Mole,,,,,
gupZombieBiff_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Biff,,,,,
valZombieBrute_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Brute,,,,,
valZombieBruteBoss_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Brute Boss,,,,,
badZombieBoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Boe,,,,,
badZombieJoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Joe,,,,,
badZombieYo_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Yo,,,,,
badZombieSteve_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Steve,,,,,
badZombieArlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Arlene,,,,,
badZombieDarlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Darlene,,,,,
badZombieMarlene_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Marlene,,,,,
badZombieNurse_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Nurse,,,,,
badZombieMaleHazmat_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Hazmat,,,,,
badZombieUtilityWorker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Utility Worker,,,,,
badZombieSkateboarder_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Skateboarder,,,,,
badZombieCheerleader_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Cheerleader,,,,,
badZombieOldTimer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Old Timer,,,,,
badZombieMoe_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Moe,,,,,
badZombieSnow_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Lumberjack,,,,,
badZombieSpider_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Spider,,,,,
badZombieBurnt_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Burnt,,,,,
badZombieFarmer_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Farmer,,,,,
badZombieStripper_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Stripper,,,,,
badZombieSoldier_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Soldier,,,,,
badZombieBiker_Rager,entityclasses,Entity,New,Rager Biker,,,,,